mahiya naman sana ang mga mag babalak mag bulsa ng mga tulong galing ibang bansa. .. wag nyo nang pagtangkain. PLEASE
Hmm. The assemble earlier about the Philippines made me realoze how bad the situation is. Awh my poor home 
Malaking sampal sa gobyerno to
Two days back in Manila but my thoughts are still in #Tacloban
The PH Gov't is so disappointing. PNOY pointing blame to others what kind of a President are you? Shame on you! 
What Yolanda made to their house. Poor children
I can not imagine the horrors of what the people (both children and adults) i met earlier today had experienced.
Nakakaloka! Naiyak naman ako sa #ggv
malas yata talaga ang 13 dahil 2013 last year at snake pa hehe ang daming sakunang nangyari ang 2014 bagong pagasa
And I just wanna scream WWWHHHAAAAATT NNNNOOWWWWW I just can't figure it out
Nakakaiyak talaga yung bagong Station ID ng ABS-CBN na para sa Visayas
I saw the video.. patawad but I really want to slap Korina Sanchez with her own slippers
Donation from other Countries. Leche wag lang mabulsa ng mga buwaya
Napaluha ako bgla while wtchng this new version ng ABS-CBN Christmas Station ID
2013 is a hard year for Visayans--the earthquake and a typhoon that ravaged these areasDevastation and destruction in Samar & Leyte
It`s a long way to rehabilitate the damages of #YolandaPH #Haiyan but it will get 
So many things still need to be done to help Tacloban recover from the aftermath of typhoon Yolanda
Tangina nakakaluha yung balita sa tv patrol
I pity them so much that I didn't notice tears falling down from my eyes
CEBU!! They need help cooking and packing hard boiled eggs!
Yon yong mas active pa tumulong yong mga celebrity kesa sa politician
Paulit-ulit pero ang bigat pa din
Yung habang pinapanood mo yung TvPatrol yung sa Yolanda.. Bigla nalang tumulo luha mo sa tindi ng nangyare
SUPER ka talaga yolanda sobrang dami mong winasak
@CoconutsManila : This call for help is the saddest >> DOH need volunteer-embalmers
Pengeng yero
Saka na ang sisihan di natin gusto ang nagyari
Bakit nga ba mabagal ang RELIEF OPS ng gobyerno? 
Missing
I can't explain why everytime I see or hear the situation of Yolanda's victim my tears just fell automatically.
Hahahaha Grabe na tong paghihikahos sa buhay Gee
I can feel those who haven't eaten any food for days
Niyanig ng matinding lindol Nilumpo ni bagyong Yolanda
Respect ! What a heart !
Here's Why The Philippines' Economic Miracle Is Really A Bubble In Disguise
andami ng nagdonate sa Pilipinas pero bat prang gutom at hirap na hirap prin mga nasalanta ng bagyo.
We need more food in Iloilo and the whole Western Visayas region!
Sobrang kawawa yung mga na salanta ng #Yolanda wish there was something I could do
The aftershocks are always the worst
exhausted from a run for the victims of typhoon yolanda
the nightmare lives on for Tacloban residents
Madami pa ding kailangan ng tulong. So help them God
Typhoon Yolanda death toll rises to record 5209 
Shame on you
Nakakaiyak pag napapanood ko ung balita
How come po na ung mga rescue & relief ops ay mbagalpro ung mga media mbilis nkarating dun
hhahaha naalala niyo toh?
MAKE AN EFFORT NOT AN EXCUSE.
Dulag Leyte (victims of Yolanda): need water food candles and medicine. Contact Dianne Tupaz: 09217296827
Donated ng Indonesia nirepak pah t pinalitan ng supot ng dswd yan ang pilipinas eto bah ang sinasbi Niong #bangonpilipinas
Tama.. Livelihood for the survivors.
Grabe naiyak ako sa video
Really no one can get much preparation from that disaster
With a typhooneverything went falling down!
Sad. --- Yolanda’ death toll: 5936
I see the overwhelming devastation. Day 15 of #YolandaPH
My friend an elementary teacher informed me today that they have not received any relief goods at Pagsulhugon Babatngon Leyte.
This is terrible.
It's been a month but the pain and despair are still there. You're not alone
rihanna : Navy please keep the people of The Philippines in your prayers!!! I was just there and this truly breaks my heart
Nang dahil sa SCANDAL nila baYOLA at miraNDA . . . . . . . . nabuo si YOLANDA. HAHAHAHAHAHA
That was heartwarming I got goosebumps!
Salamat sa iyong awa pero mas maganda sana kung may kasamang gawa
shirts are already available in our Intramuros (across Fort Santiago) and NAIA
Still recovering. From.. The monster typhoon. YOLANDA
Pagtulong gamit ang sariling kakayahan at talento! Saludo kami sayo @javellanajohn ! Bayani ka
I cried :'(((((((
Before and after picture of Tacloban
This is heartbreaking
UN: Millions in the Visayas still hungry!
This is how strong Yolanda is
Sana yung perang intended para sa mga nasalanta ng bagyo mapunta talaga sakanila hindi sa bulsa ng iba
Helping out never felt so good
naiiyak na ako huhuhu
Teh lovelife lang problema mo pano naman yung mga nasalanta ng bagyo?? Puwede bawasan mo ang pag-iinarte?
Tubig
hindi nila kelangan ng awa kelangan nila ng tulong. WE NEED TO HELP!
Tacloban. Grabe to. Grabe to.
5235 died.
REHABILITASYON hindi Militarisasyon at Demolisyon
Heavy news
jgh from somewhere else... grabe ang saya ng caroling nmn... sana ganito rin ang nararamdaman ng mga survivor
Yung bibigat nlang ung loob mo at maiiyak ka pa dahil sa mga napapanuod mo sa balitang nasalanta ng bagyo.
Oh well this christmas is kind of sad and we all probably know why but gora lang!!! There's still 2014!!!
Only a hungry person can really understand the pain of hunger!
Zoraida: More areas under storm signal #1
VP Jejomar Binay is a clear example that politicians really use a tragedy to boost up their political name. Shame on you Binay.
This government must act quickly
Post-‘Yolanda’ rebuilding to take five years!
Volunteers needed
Bakit kaya ganun nalang kabagal ang gobyerno ntin. 5days na ang nakalipas. Naunahan pa ng ibang bansa
while watching this video hindi ko napigilan ang luha ko! kaya to!
Wanted to get a #BangonPH or #BangonPilipinas shirt but they were sold out na!
Id cried a lot watching it 
33 days 'til Christmas Eve I might not enjoy Christmas if the Yolanda Victims won't
Well I hear your cry & I feel your pain. I know you tried so hard
Siguradoha lang na sa mga biktima maadto ang kwarta Di sa dili maayong kamot
Today marks the weeksary of #YolandaPH & monthsary of the 7.2 magnitude quake in Bohol. Not a coincidence
I always feel sad because of what happened
These brownouts in cebu are starting to really piss me off. But i know its for the people in tacloban
Walang pagod! Ang Weird
OFW WALANG SILBI PAGDATING SA KALAMIDAD: NASAAN ANG MGA IMPORTED?
Napanood ko na naman yung mga tga-Visayas. Naiyak na naman ako
Di ko kinaya naiyak tlga ako dito
If it's true that politicians are taking advantage on relief goods! That's a BIG BOOO POLITICIANS!
nakakapangilabot ang tinig at larawan a month after yolanda. It breaks my heart a mom/dad asking help
Some foreigners are willing to help but they are afraid that aid will go to the wrong person. Politicians hear them
#YolandaPH delaying tactics for help relief chaos commotion... This is planned? Prolong the agony to cover up #Napoles issue.
Not your ordinary #workout day
Too much negativity and it's just the start of the week. I won't lose focus though. So many things need to be done. Kaya pa!!!
Sh*t the FvCK UP! DO YOUR JOB
the province of leyte in the philippines needs help :(
Sana naman yung mga tulong na galing sa ibang bansa makarating sa mga nangangailangan. Di dun sa bulsa ng may mga kapangyarihan
That bitch Yolanda robbed me of decent sleep
A saddening first glimpse of #Yolanda 's wrath last Nov 102013
Nakakaiyak yung pinalabas sa It's Showtime.
the destruction would be minimized if only we voted the right people in the government
Where is the PH government? Do you exist? We need help in Tacloban.
Goodbye Yolanda.. we will never miss you
super heart breaking :( .. I HATE YOU SO MUCH YOLANDA
sad to see the footages and reminisce on tragic moments. Still on heartache
News everywhere made me cry all afternoon. This weekend guys! Who are free to volunteer and give some donations? Kamon
Gusto ko makabili na ngayonhaba pa rin ng pila
Kapanindig balahibo hay kawawa talaga yng mga Yolanda Victims.
Here it is the heartbreaking story of Yolanda
Nasasaktan ako dahil... mahal kita. Applicable yung line ni Chichay sa feelings ko para sa bansa.
i dunno what to do aside from praying on the people affectecd by the storm. haaay
Watching Failon Ngayon. Na-emotional na sad dayun ko
This is what happened to the trees in Leyte and Samar. They were either snapped toppled or sheared.
its a heartbreaking view a happy town turn to this
Hindi ito panahon ng pag popost ng photos na may masasarap na pagkain at mga bagong damit. Panahon ngayon ng pagdadasal
Sana naman lahat ng donation mapunta sa mga nasalanta ng bagyo. H'wag nang idaan sa kamay ng mga pulitiko. Alam mo na
kawawa naman ang bansang Pilipinas... gahasang gahasa na ng mga walang pusong pulitiko
I hate this year.. puro tragedy! Help Philippines to rise again
On my way to volunteer in DSWD.. But this traffic caused by bikers in Buendia is terrible!
bandila : Official death toll from super typhoon Yolanda" now at 6100
Dear PNOY where are you? We need you.
Grabe naiyak ako dito lalo na pag naiisip ko nangyayari sa Pinas.
Sad stories all around coming from those of a resilient race
GRABE PATI GAMOT UBOS NA? PAANO SILA NGAYON YUNG MAY MGA SAKIT?
I have a lot of clean water.. but I need bottles so I can give it out
crying since the last 4 days because of the same reason... seeing the people who got affected by the super typhoon
Ang damin aids donations pledges pero nasan naba kayo ang daming nagugutom at nagkakasakit sa mga #YolandaPh 
Hindi ba nahihiya Pilipinas sa ibang bansa?
Nakaligtas nga kay yolanda namatay nmn sa paghahanap ng pagkain kilos kilos aba!! Kelangan nila ng mabilisang tulong
Still they are looking for them
Por dyos por santo ang kupad ng gobyerno sa pagtulong sa biktima
Please Help!
@MsLeaSalonga It was a bad taste indeed. How sensitive can politics be to think of the future elections at a time like this
Kakakilabot nakakaiyak ung mga nngyayari ngaun grabe talaga
Da road wid trees bare of leaves lamp posts leaning down
Pls Justin . MyRelatives Affect The YolandaTyphoon . Thankyou
hay dami pa rin aftermath ng bagyong yolanda
When you hopelessly hoping that all the relief goods should reach them!.. Duas can reach them guys!
nkakalungkot panuorin sa balita ang nasalanta ng bagyo
I miss HOME! I miss TACLOBAN .. Promise to be back soon!
Sana okay lng cya
Trying to stop my tears from falling.. Whew.
Sana this timemaibigay ng tama yung bigay nKung mmagdodonate ng pera para sa mga nasalanta paano po ba?g ibang bansa sa mga taong nasalanta
Nakakaawa Yung Mga Taga Leyte  Naiiyak Ako Kanina Pa 
Nakaiyak talaga station i.d ng abs sa mga nasalanta
Iyak ako ng iyak sa bagong station ID ng abs-cbn. Grabe lang
Watching kwento ng pasko" yolanda version. Whew. My eyes are sweaty again!
Boholano still needs our help sa mga bahay na nagiba. Wla paring aabot ng tulong
Grabeee! 4011 na namamatay! May nawawala pa.
I'm tearing up omg
Yolanda Destroyer !! ^.^ Kinawawa mo kame !!
Kinilabutan ako kanina hbang bnabasa to
Ang dami donationssana makarating talaga sa lubos na nangangailangan at hindi sa bulsa ng mga gahaman
Ormoc needs help too
The aftermath of super typhoon Yolanda" is seen on every Filipino face who is badly devastated by such. Prayers for everyone
It's heartbreaking to see the destruction left by Yolanda. NEVER SAY NEVER Filipinos
Ayaw ko nang manood ng news bout sa Leyte. Nakakadurog ng puso
'Buhi Kami Tanan' a message that will surely be touching to see on one of the papers written by survivors of #YolandaPH 
Kakaiyak nman tong #TVPatrol
A lot of you cared just not enough.
Can't take it anymore. Kaluloy gid ya mga gin interview namon gina. Karon lang ko padayon edit.
Some buildings weren't lucky enough to be left standing
Worrying about their lives shelter and most especially with their members of family who died and missing
This is very touching. Got teary eyed while watching this
I can't help but cry when i look at what happened here in the Philippines. when i see all the people. it just breaks
#YolandaPH ravaged Region 8 (Eastern Visayas) - restoration of electricity will take 3-6 months.
Wag naman po sana. Magugutom po ang mga kababayan natin.
At one point we cannot do all the work that the government is supposed to do
Another really heart breaking
Sosyal naman ang Globe. May 25 free texts. Bet ko to
kala ko kuryente lang ang nawala pati pala likers nawala na din. HAHA :D Moring sa tanan
To our beloved President Noynoy Aquino (P-Noy) People needs > good organization preparation and fast action.
blaming and negativity. The govt is doin d bst way they cn. we just didn't see it. let's just help each other!
Kalunos-lunos. A devastating photo depicting Tacloban city totally wrecked
sana magka himala at makita na ng mga pilipino ang klase ng tao na binoboto nila
Nakakalungkot ng sobra ang documentary ni Mr. Atom Araullo
amgalano : Nakakaiyak
It felt like I got my house back." - Tacloban typhoon victim after @MannyPacquiao dominated Rios in Macau 