masuwerte ka kasi wala ka dun" first time to be a volunteer
Photo: For the of the motherland.
Before we start blaming others. Ask have you done your part?
If you want to start helping the Yolanda survivors check out #BangonPH for details. 
At Mercato BGC for the Azkals Donation Drive
$24000 from @paugasol 
Foot Prints in the Wet Sand
will stay awake.. just had my suuuper late dinner. doh~ as if there's new to it. watching Tulong NaTabang Na Tayo Na
They have planes that can drop gods. All they need are goods
Justin Bieber landed via Wil Plane. Wew
It's Friday it's relief packing day
Survivors ng Yolanda patuloy na nagdadatingan sa Villamor Airbase (NOV222013)
Busy day of orders for the #BANGONPILIPINAS cases.. For orders please viber or whatsaap 09177930934
Donate and volunteer now
Watched Champions for a Cause for Yolanda Victims DLSU vs. SBC
run for yolanda victims! 
Still have many to pack. Continues help. KFBC church h.k
Watching Documentary of Mr. Atom Araullo
hanging posters around Paris today for 500 for philippines event
Alright this is it
Today marks 2 months since Typhoon Haiyan battered the Philippines!
This is how our school and students contribute in helping the yolanda victims
packing relief goods for Yolanda Victims
Simple words with Strong message
helping out with typoon yolanda's survivor
A call to arms
Para sa mga nasalanta.
Please cooperate for the benefit of Typhoon Yolanda victims. Donate now! You may also call 7339117 loc 134 for more info
Friday is #TulongPH shirt day.
@reypadupad true! I've been thinking what if we went to Tacloban too. Awww.
With @andimanzano #MissionVisayas mini concert here at @BoniHighStreet
Video on kids getting back to school after Typhoon Haiyan/Yolanda
Shirt for a cause
Kung mmagdodonate ng pera para sa mga nasalanta paano po ba?
@ABSCBNNews : More businesses reopen in Tacloban
Got one this morning at Market Market
Candles aflamed for the #Yolanda victims at Baclaran Church
Watch Michael relate his faith experience during & after the onslaught of Typhoon Haiyan/Yolanda.
Victims of st yolanda is in need of medicines. Such as amoxicillin and paracetamol.
NINJA + SPECTRUM + RHIPSTOP fam. Be advised. We're going on a mission
There comes a time when we heard a certain call.
Morning Coffee in aid of the victims of Typhoon Haiyan will be on Tue 19th November at 10:30am at St.Josephs Foundation canteen
Now where can I volunteer this weekend?
How long will I love you?
To everyone who is actively participating in packing/donating relief goods please do note the ff
Relief goods for the typhoon victims
Wear your tragedies as armor not shackles
a truckload of goods for one of samar municipalities.
Awaiting departure instructions for Tacloban City deployment
Sana sa muli kong pagbalik nakabangon na ang Leyte
Patuloy pa din ang aming kampanyang 'TOY for JUAN' Isang laruan ngiti ng kabataan.
Mindset for my 2nd tour in tacloban for meducal mission
Alicia Keys visited those people in Villamor Air base
My desk! Getting ready for Cebu tomorrow! 
we're gathering as much data that we need for Western Samar. If you have photos please upload and hashtag
Off to duty at Villamor Air Base 
Awaiting for more donations to repack. Everyone is welcome to help
Get updates send news donations and any kind of assistance to the victims of Typhoon Yolanda
Life always puts us in situations where we can either be bitter or better. What we become is our choice.
Learn about creative + tech ways to help w/ Typhoon #Haiyan relief
103.7 Radyo Natin FM-SCC Operation Tulong BANGON PILIPINAS
Philippines Death Toll Hits 5000
province of isabela sent nurses to tacloban to help the local health authorities
Muka bang pinaparusan ang pilipinas?
Classes has started again in tacloban Leyte|via Abs-Cbn News
3 Stars and a Sun.
Para sa mahal naming bansa
Oplan Sundo ng DSWD balik na uli sa Villamor Airbase (NOV222013)
NatGeo lensman documents hope in Tacloban
Inspiring words written on water bottles for the typhoon victims
After the repacking of relief goods.
For the victims of Yolanda
Kendra: Ma tungkol na sa pagbangon sa nasalanta sa bagyo?
Here comes the sun
Convenient way to coordinate relief efforts
Gusto ko nung tshirt na Tulong Na Tabang Na Tayo Na. Saan po ba pwede makabili nun??
If you're looking for your loved ones or identified survivors use the google person finder
This post is applicable both literally & figuratively
Donate via Philippine Red Cross!
Justin Bieber gives back to people of Tacloban
Help Yolanda Victims Video
From the Philippines
Rehabilitation plans sa Panay pinag-usapan na ng mga ahensya ng pamahalaan (NOV222013)
If you only knew!
We're done cooking for tomorrow's #fund #raising 
The Leaning House of Medellin
Time flies so fast. #Haiyan is already a month old!
Magdadala ako ng donations sa school bukas.
Roofless homeless but not hopeless" written in the entrance of a damaged house in Tacloban
Local volunteers in or around Ormoc to help Canadian team landing
Got an awesome shirt here in Cebu
Off to Tacloban on Wednesday.
Filipinos To Become ‘Stronger’ After ‘Yolanda’ – US Exec (via Inquirer Mobile App)
#happeningnow : relief distribution in ormoc
Soon Visayas will rise again despite of all the circumstances that they encounter
Full recap of Typhoon Yolanda covered by Solar TV News. 
Mariah Carey ft WhitneyHouston When YouBelieve
They still need your help!
We need sympathy with arms and legs
Voices for the Visayas!
Please SUPPORT! Songs for the Philippines by Various Artists
As we continue giving we also begin building. Help Tacloban rise from the ruins
Typhoon Haiyan Situation Report No. 11 (as of 17 November 2013)
Photo: this is how the people of Tacloban
Filipino para sa Filipino benefit show
Back to normal cover photo bukas !!! Last na to
Just bought two 'Tulong na. Tabang na. Tayo na. shirts 
Strongest Typhoon : YOLANDA Strongest Nation : PHILIPPINES Strongest People : FILIPINOS
Who's doing relief efforts for Western Samar Northern Cebu Capiz Aklan Palawan?
Marian Rivera at Tabogon Cebu
ARCHIE COMICS sends their message to the Philippines and those who lost their lives in the storm
my heart is bleeding for them Im happy to help them in everything I can do.
God is not the cause of the suffering. God cannot prevent this. This is the work of nature.
DLSU vs San Beda charity game
Our donations for the Yolanda victims
Yolanda survivors are watching hoping for something to lift their spirits. Win this for them Manny
Juan Dela Cruz family at Tacloban
Maynilad is giving 4 tanks of water to the survivors of #YolandaPH
For naysayers and critics
FLIGHT TO RECOVERY
Help map status of power roads bridges in Yolanda-hit areas
Headed to Tacloban today the area most affected by Typhoon Yolanda
@G-Strips Hiphop concert for the victims of Yolanda
Autobots roll out
The collective efforts of our team for #TyphoonHaiyan victim in the #Philippines
Philippines Government FAiTH (Foreign Aid Transparency Hub) report!
This used to be a Gas Station in Bantayan island 
Malapit na ba ko?Hehe
The Iconic @EmpireStateBldg with the colors of Philippines' flag 2 raise awareness of the #Haiyan tragedy. 
JAPAN UNITED FOR PHILIPPINES. PLEASE JOIN AND SHARE! SUPPORT!!!!
Tulog timemay repacking102 sked pa ako bukas zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Villamor Airbase tomorrow to help repack goods!
The difference between helping and mere publicity
Simbolo ng pagtulong mo isuot mo
UN's investigating the locations that its aid reached.
Sana maging kabahagi ako ng muling pagbangon ng Visayas. Intay intay lang
Before and after pic hehe
So many shameless politicking at a time when survivors' well-being should be the priority.
One visual example of the shocking devastation in #Tacloban . May God grant mercy to rebuild.
@andersoncooper should be given a hero recognition for sending the message to the world.
If you share your piggy bank it will be enough
A message from Super Moms" through our #TreeOfHope
@AC360 @andersoncooper A hero to every Filipino!
my parents kuya ate and their friends are now off to Tacloban
You can help support relief efforts in the Philippines and track progress in realtime
One month after super typhoon 
Waiting for my flight back to Tacloban
Relief goods from Save the Children
How Lupang Hinirang Ought to Be Sung: Joey Ayala at TEDxDiliman
Helping in any way I can
Come and dine for a cause
Dinner and Catching Fire after the relief operations! What a fulfilling day!
our GOD is bigger than any typhoon the sun will shine again to all of us
Tourism helps heal Philippines after recent natural calamities
Volunteer Chefs X Head Marshalls.
For all who are abroad there are still ways to help. Globe Citibank and Phil. Red Cross are accepting online & mobile donations.
Were looking for truck owners who can help us deliver relief goods from Manila to Capiz
How to Help Typhoon Survivors
‘Business as usual without our roof’: Rebuilding after Supertyphoon Haiyan
If you still want to volunteer you can head to Villamor! Go to the registration booth for 1. brieifing then 2. sign ups.
Stories of hope two weeks after #Yolanda
The goods has been delivered!
Takbo para sa Tacloban funrun.medics kmi pero walng pasyente kya tumakbo nlng dn kmi
Lakers win and Gasol will donate $22k to the UNICEF for the typhoon victims
Happy Black Monday!
I'm gonna shave my head
Who's heading to Mactan Airbase #Cebu now? Kindly inform us about the status of the refugees. Any needs?
Sana nakatulong din yung mga dinonate at pag volunteer
Waiting in queue for the #BangonPh shirt (@Greenbelt 5 - @greenbelttweets w/ 5 others)
Petition for setting up a mobile hospital for typhoon Yolanda victims
Lit candles around the quad for the Typhoon Haiyan victims tonight
Please... Continue to help
Wore my #BangonPilipinas shirt today. Got it in #Cebu . Buy a #bangonPH shirt from #IslandSouvenir
El Gamma Penumbra Heartfelt Performance at Tulong Na Tabang Na Tayo Na! 
TODAY'S TWEET:Today is the Day of Prayer for our Nation.Let us rest in GOD's Sovereignty
our last destination when we went to Tacloban today Tacloban Church
Collated info on HOW YOU CAN HELP
Yes pati movie for the benefit of Yolanda victims
Mga pulis na nawawala sa paghagupit ni Yolanda isa - isa nang natatagpuan (NOV222013)
kailangan pa po nila ang tulong natin wag po tayong magsawa they still need food and shelter
People from Visayas told me how inspiring the #BangonPilipinas ans #BangonVisayas shirts were. Kudos to @IslandsSouvenir get yours at 2h
How can you spend christmas like this?
Watching The Bottomline. Stories of the victims of Typhoon Haiyan/Yolanda
The Tumblr logo has a sun in it
Juan-a-Day: Collated info on HOW YOU CAN HELPJuan-a-Day: Collated info on HOW YOU CAN HELP
noynoyaquino please request for TPS to be granted to filipinos here in the US
Noynoy give credit to different Goverment agencys and NGO and of course the Filipino People
Another way to help out Typhoon Yolanda Victims
Kung kailan pinakamadilim Ang mga tala ay mas nagniningning
Taray ng DLSU. May twist sa dulo. Eh ang San Bede kaya?
Kapamilya Stars in Tacloban yesterday
2 hours of sleep and now briefing for relief operations
It's now time for the PH's wealthiest businessmen to do their moves and help. After all these people were behind their success
Naiiyak ako everytime ipa2kita ung mga kababayan nting nasalanta pro nakakasmile pa din sla despite what happened. That the spirit