God will never leave Philippines nor forsake Philippines
A Christmas to Remember for the Children of Typhoon Yolanda
It doesn't matter how you were knocked down it is how you get up. This one's to Pacman and typhoon survivors.
Thank you for understanding us. God bless you and your network
Ganyan kasi tayong mga PINOY eh may PUSO! Babangon at babangon tayo
There comes a time love could also mean sacrifice.
Be the change you want to see in the world
Thank you very much Japan. God bless you po.
One Nation One Prayer
Ang saya :) Para sa pilipinas gagawin ang lahat
On Christmas Day I was able to hear different stories of srviving super typhoon yolanda.
Made a greeting card/inspirational card earlier for the Yolanda victims
As a people we have to keep our heads high look up to the sky and hope for a better tomorrow
Let us start our day with a simple prayer for those who are affected with Typhoon #Yolanda
Cheer to the countries who have a helping hand
Inflatable hospitalsheartwarming volunteers aids coming from neighboring countriesbillions of donations 
Yng school namin siningil kmi ng pera para idonate sa mga nbiktima ni bagyong Yolanda. Kht sa maliit na bagay tmlong po tayo
Remove my shoulder from every burden -Ps. 81:6
Kaunti lang kakainin ko ngayong gabi! Dadamayan ko yung mga tao sa #Visayas
One with the world! 
Sorting out our BANGON PH shirts for shipping. Thanks to everyone who ordered!
Sharing his time in helping.
Everday is another day of hope
Hoping Filipinos will use the money wisely and strictly for the Yolanda victims. Let's be thankful that they care for our country
Night well spent! Just got home from sorting out clothes for Yolanda victims.
We will miss this place. Praying for Tacloban
Every form of help counts mga ka-DTC
Pray lang. Just keep your faith in God. Kaya natin to!
Let's do our part to help the typhoon victims
On the other hand filed a PTO this weekend to volunteer for packing relief goods for the victims. Help on our own little ways
If calamities won't stop from devastating PH then we are also reminded that we should not stop praying. Simple yet powerful
MAKIISA sa pagbabago
Yes indeed! Credit to The 700 Club Asia.
Volunteer from #Russia . I salute you Ma'am!
Crocs donated 1M sandals to the victims?! You guys are the best. aahh
Champions for a cause for yolanda victims. SBC vs. DLSU charity game
Maraming maraming salamat po sa inyo. 
There is no one to blame when a disaster hit our country. Let's just all pray and hope that everything's gonna be fine
No more drama. No more politics. No more negativity. Pray. Thank GOD. Thanks for all the help/prayers for the Philippines
No one started this.but we have to end it together as a nation
Its cool how our kababayans are always so optimistic
Go Azkals for Yolanda's survivor. For Philippines.
It shall be over and we will rise again
Thank you to these cargo movers for finding a solution to the bottleneck in the Matnog port!
It's amazing to witness as our country rise from the aftermath of Typhoon Yolanda. Continue to help continue to pray.
A RAINBOW AFTER THE RAIN THERE IS HOPE PHILIPPINES!
i have this imported buiscuit from the #WorldFoodProgram Thank you!!
Isang BAYAN tayo'y aahon.
Thank you so much
WE HELP IN ANY WAY WE CAN!
This is another way to help
Ang bait ng mga pinoy talaga.. ung mga drivers ng Mandaluyong naghuhulog ng piso kada byahe pantulong s yolanda victims
This gives me shivers
Tsk. Lord God never let happen again what Yolanda made in all Filipinos
All it takes stepping forward and someone making a stand
NakaPORMA Kana Naka TULONG Kapa
Magliliwanag rin ang ating bukas... God bless the Philippines!
My way of giving back. Its time for #givingtuesday . Lets all make a difference
Philippines may have experienced tragedies this year but I know that a breakthrough will also come
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it you have everything.
I see great waves of changes in the Philippine gov''t. Hope this is for the better
My shirt today. Bangon Pilipinas!
Thanks for helping the Philippines!! We won't forget you and we highly respect you. God bless you. Thanks so much! 
Solidarity. Yes! I'm one of you guys
Sunburnt and extremely exhausted from our relief operation in the island barangays of Carles but definitely happy.
cancelling our year end party & instead use the budget to help people who need food water shelters etc
Hindi isang #Yolanda lang ang magpapabagsak sa mga pilipino
There will always be a silver lining
Behold! Greater things are yet to come!
30 days after Yolanda. Heroism brings Hope
UAAP athletes also auctioned their jerseys and some with autographs on it
kaya natin ito Basaynon
babangon ang Tacloban! kaya buhayin muli ang Tacloban ng Romualdez & Marcos kahit walang tulong ng @!#$% gobyerno!
TBH - Tabang Bangon Halad
A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have
Anyone in #Tokyo #Japan ? You can help the Philippines thru this #Haiyan fundraising event
Everything Happens for a purpose
Last year is history and 2014 is a new light to start a new life
A lot of help coming. Hopefully it reaches all that needed it
My thoughts and prayers go out to those greatly affected by Yolanda. We can all help by donating or sending out our prayers
Thanks God you're alive! Mabuhay po kayo
@dinkysunflower You are an inspiration to all of us at this moment.
There is a power greater than storm surge. It's love surge. We're with you #YolandaSurvivors
Stop the blaming game. Less talk more action.
Manny made us all proud! Laban Pilipinas. Bangon Visayas!
Thank you British Navy
Tough times never last but tough people do
To you O lord we lift our prayers and petitions to the victims of typhoon Yolanda. We pray now for our countrymen. Amen
NEED HELP!!! We have relief goods here in Seattle
Let Your hope arise and be the light into the eyes of the hopeless.
hope for this Christmas
All of these are for Yolanda victims. Please not now government. It's not for your pockets
Just bought tulong shirt for the whole familia
The world needs us. Magkawang gawa na tayo lahat
Nakuha kna din un damit ahaha nakatulong na ako
Aww the typhoon victims are happy just for a day. Thank you Manny Pacquiao for being an inspiration to rise up. 
If you have money to spare clothes that you don't use anymore or groceries now is the right time to help those in need
Maraming salamat sa lahat na patuloy na tumutulong upang kami ay makabangon! God bless you all!
Thank you world for extending more than a helping hand to all the victims of #YolandaPH ! Utmost 
It's not about what you've lost. It's about what you still have that matters.
Thy Will be Done
In every strong storm is a big blessing from God :D Goodmorning December
There's no space for any negativity right now where people suffer with heavy hearts & empty stomachs. So give what you can
Heroes. In times of despair heroes emerge.
Still thankful here in Cebu. May God continue to protect Tacloban
May this be everyone's prayer 
Hay naku nakakairita ang mga balita. Ipagdasal natin ang ating bansa.
Jesus Christ is our Redeemer
Despite these F.E.W. (Floods Earthquake War) disasters the Filipino spirit will stay strong. 
WE SHALL RISE AGAIN.
Prayer is the best medicine
I know you try so hard to make things right  to overcome this endless fight..Just don't give up
People are stealing and looting already.I hope they will send military security to look into the city
Sunrise at Sta. Fe Bantayan. There will always be hope
Big or small your effort will go a long way
Lotsa United Nations People in the airport!! Galeeeng!! Thank You so much for your help
Maraming salamat sa lahat ng mga bayani!
Pampalakas ng loob! Go Pinoy! Bangon Pilipinas!
Done packing relief goods with my batchmates. Uhuh! :)) Masakit sa braso pero ang sayang makatulong
Putting smiles. Giving hope this Christmas.
@justinbieber we filipinos are impressed and most of all thankful
One Nation in #Prayer - Isang Bansa Isang Panalangin. Monday Jan 20 5PM Malacanang Palace
January 20 2014. Yes today @5pm. Let's pray for the Philippines
No one has ever become poor from giving
Thank you very much po Australia. God bless you po
A very Inspiring Video for Everyone
We are so blessed
Count your smiles instead of your tears count your courage instead of your fears
Thank you so much @justinbieber for the hope courage and love for our Yolanda survivors!
This is our team our family wen the country calls for help we lend our hands no questions asked
Lahat kakayanin basta sama-sama
Welcome December ! Share LOVE lets not forgot our brothers still struggling after super typhoon
Overwhelming support from all over the world! Thank you Empire State Bldg for lighting our hearts and our desire to move on
Your donations will change lives. Let's continue supporting the Philippine Red Cross! 
Hindi hadlang ang luha para tayo sumuko Dahil bawat pag patak nito Lalong nag-aalab ang damdamin Ng isang mapagmahal na Pilipino
Tulong na Tabang na!
So nice to witness bayanihan here sa campus. Sa mga ganahan pa mu-help you can drop ur donations here sa UP Cebu
We will rise again and that's what happened.
@PHL_Malditas: This one is for Tacloban
Seen in Ormoc City: Roofless Homeless but never Hopeless
It amazes me how everyone all over the world is trying to help out the Philippines. Thank you
Itulog nalang natin lahat whoa
We're so blessed to have you back here in the Philippines. Thankyou for helping
Prayers will do. Nothing is Impossible with GOD
Masakit ang katawan pero busog ang puso
Lending hands for the Yolanda victims
There is hope for this nation
To the spirit of the Filipino people especially those affected by Yolanda Manny's victory is d biggest relief gift yet!
I really want to help the victims of #YolandaPH kng pwd mo larga padong ddto I WILL 
I really admire Pau Gasol for the help he is doing for the victim of typhoon. I Salute you sir @paugasol 
@MisterDonut_PH donated 1000 donuts to the victims of typhoon #YolandaPH . Thank you!
You're the man sir. Thank you so much.
im going to donate some of my old clothes to my kababayan in Tacloban
Yehey! SA isang simpleng puting damit na ito NAKATULONG na ako!
your just a super typhoon.. were FILIPINOS. were Fighters
When the world says give up". Hope says "try it one more time".
Not a Justin Bieber fan but what he did for #YolandaPH survivors...kudos! Even my nanay can't believe it's really him
God is more POWERFUL than these disasters. Filipinos are Stronger than these Typhoons. WE ARE
God has a wonderful way of turning negatives into positives
For every purchase of #BangonPilipinas shirt 100% of the profit goes to the Roof for Relief project
Yahoo... Got the shirt for the Sagip Kapamilya
Kht cno kht ano bsta sama-sama tayo malalagpasan natin to
My other favorite city. I NY
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for the outpouring of support. May kindness prevail!
Decided not to sell the clothes I'm not using anymore. Will just give it to those affected by the tragedy
Ganyan lang tayo. Nalulugmok man bumabangon din. Hindi lang #BangonPilipinas kundi #MabuhayPilipinas
The devastation now stays just at the background the centerpiece is their beaming smile.
We are Filipino one heart one nation no obstacle can stop us from moving
Our deepest gratitude to all of you. God bless your team
Love is infectious and the greatest healing energy!" We can do this together.
Wow 10 trucks na puno ng relief goods galing south cotabato ang pumunta dito sa antique..thank you po
Internet access is back. Happy New Year everyone. May 2014 be another blessed year to us
Good luck kids pakabait kayo ha
Those smiles..... PRICELESS.
nakakatuwa na nagtutulungan lahat para sa pilipinas
so inspiring and moving! would love to hear Filipino artists sing this
We are always stronger together. Good morning Philippines. God bless us all today
We survived Yolanda
Going to a relief ops tom :) so glad we're given the chance to help out!
Hi Kuya @DouthitMarcus how many points today? I'm donating P20 for every point you score in the SEAG
Day 1: Tacloban relief operation. Despite their condition people remain positive
MAG DASAL PO TAYO PARA SA KALIGTASAN NG LAHAT NG MGA APEKTADONG LUGAR NG BAGYO
Faith in humanity restored
we will rise again
One Run Flag Nation and Nutrition" tomorrow
BAGYO ka lang YOLANDA. PINOY KAMI
I've never seen this country so united in fighting this giant crisis it's facing.
Bagyo ka lang Pilipino kami
True spirit of HUMANITY
I assured our people that the government will help them rise up from this tragedy
Itigil muna ang kalandian gumawa muna ng paraan para makatulong sa muling pagbangon ng buong bayan.
Mabuhay po kayo mam Lucy!
Miss Merlin of DSWD receives donuts from @MisterDonut_PH at the Capitol Parish evacuation center. Thanks! 
Thank you so much for the sympathy po. Mabuhay po kayo sir